For full experience (The story) watch the release video, here: https://youtu.be/sVeRgYFoIJo

Far from here, a traveler came, the atmosphere changes, the sounds of rattling bones..
A fearsome warrior from the east, called once as a Lord, a emperor, of many battles, yet she denies those titles, 
Incredible strength, mastery of diverse arts and elements, binded by a demonic curse.. a tactician with wide wisdom.
Easy to anger, yet nice to her own people and people who deserve her respect, gaining her respect yet is hard, you must be strong.
Loves to get into battle against strong opponents, to cause havoc and always onto a new conquest..
What is her tale? why is she here? a grudge? perhaps the future will tell..
As of now, get ready for a explosive rumble!

Start: Charge (Yasakani No Magatama Necklace)

A: 1st Combo

B: 2nd Combo

C: Charge-able, 3 Modes (Elemental Arts: Fire)
(Small: Fire Ball)
(Medium: Fire Slash)
(MAX: Fire Eruption)

Down A: Upwards Punch (Reminder, good for linking into aerial combos)

Down B: Naginata Pierce

Down C: Consecutive Slashes (Hi-Oh Arts: Raging Rush)

Air A: Tail Slam

Air B: Fire Naginata Air Combo

Air C: Punishing Aerial Kick

Dash A: Kick

Dash B: Slash

Dash C: Spiral Tornado

Down, Foward A: Martial Arts: Blazing Kicks

Down, Back A: (Counter) Hi-Oh Arts: Imperial Execution

Down, Foward B (Also works on air): Elemental Arts: Thunder -Raijin's Clash-

Down, Back, B: Naginata Throw (Amenonuhoko)

Down, Foward, C: Elemental Arts: Fire -Hell Blazes

Down, Foward, C (Air): Elemental Arts: Fire -Blazing Star-

Down, Foward, A (Air): Elemental Arts: Fire -Crashing Meteor-

Down, Back, C: (Semi Super) Tachibana Arts Ougi: Kagutsuchi Dance -Erupting Yomi-

X (Ultimate): Wrath of the Cursed Emperor -Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi-

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Y: Curse of the Emperor, the Demon Fox God
-3000 Energy, New moves, temporary mid-transform
-Has small chance to throw enemy away when attacked
The point of this mid-transform is to spice the battle when needed, for more fun, adding some new attacks as of now (Future full-transform in future?),
making the character stronger a little bit to make you feel rewarded, yet you'll still need a good grip of it or else it's gonna un-transform without
you having done much and the price is heavy, so be smart.

Down C: Cold Yomi Hand

C: Charge-able, 3 Modes (Demon Fox Arts: Freezing Hell)
(Small: Ice Punch)
(Medium: Consecutive Demon Punches/Slashes)
(MAX: Yomi Blazes)

Down, Foward, C: Elemental Arts: Ice -Snow Trail to Yomi-

Down, Back C: Elemental Arts: Yomi Ice -Glacial Chaos-

Small Note: 
You'll get most of the fun of this char if you explore everything at a fast pace, combine her attacks up and keep the battle heated in speed!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Greetings!
I'm here bringing a char by viniciusonico, a long term commission i had.
This is one of my early designed characters, and i thought of putting her in MUGEN, so the long journey began, some might know this has taken
over 1+ years, close to 2, there was diverse breaks and problems in both spriting and coding phases, nowadays i only lacked a coder (for diverse months), 
but eventually vinicius was nice enough to take the job, and some months in and it's finally complete, i hope you enjoy it as much as i do.
Thanks also for Mattfv for completing this sprite commission, both him and ArzenJames have done some good work on it, same for rivelio on the first version of the char.

I have taken a long time designing how the specials, effects, voices, etc would be. I made sure with vinicius the design and gameplay was pleasing as it could be, 
I hope the work and delay was worth it, the character has a intense moveset and arrangement of possible combos, all thanks to vinicius making the designed attacks possible in-game.
This project is so old that this character has already had 2-3 redesigns, if it ever happens, in the future i would make another update to make use of additional thunder-ideas
and the Yata No Kagami.
I'm looking foward to your feedback, if you liked it, or what you liked in specific, and if you wish for more in the future.
I've written for this character way more before, as this is a fighting game you can't know much about her in it, so,
check out the DD Mod of her if you are interested https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2182716765

Credits:
Viniciusonico
Rivelio
IcarusKuroi (Kurosu169)